hello to all and this is where
what we want today for the video of
Tuesday on the coop channel this week
I present you this noon which is a
youtuber of 15 years so why I
decided to introduce it because I
find it is very fresh it breathes
life to be simple and then it makes
a lot of video and it is rather
generalists as we have not done
bad enough presentation of specific
youtuber who did this or that
video such type of videos this this I
wanted to do one to present a
youtuber who did not have a theme
particular who was making videos of
test time let's play a little
little all on different games that we
can appreciate or not to but in any
case I invite you to listen to his
presentation and I hope you
love
and then we meet again from the week
next for a new video
ciao
hello to all it's this afternoon I'm
present for the chain coop so I
15 years old I was propelled into the games
video at the age of 5 and 2 you're
never won I do not necessarily have the
favorite I touch everything and I see if that
I like it or anything else
my channel was created there is now
nine months and I always take one too
great pleasure to make the videos even
sick I do what I have to do
even though jeanne hindrance globally
magic of gathers multi videos
gaming with ds play shopping metro 2033 and
of dishes a very nice game and then
videos of all kinds such as call of
black duty ops of relaxing divo and
discovery of games independent of
tests on assassin's creed iii and well
other games that will come out in
year
I thank above all the coop team for
have created this channel and to make me
maybe go in and drinkers
who will watch I hope this video that
will take pleasure in watching her
globally multi gaming machines that's
that's the videos the games that me
go through the hand I make them love them
I do it I do not like I do it
video test or void to critics by
example I'm doing better reviews on
doom 3 I did some test videos on
several independent games such as
two forces such as rechard a game
independent also assassin's creed iii
as I said before about call of
duty also black ops 2 i did two
three videos discovered and minecraft
at the beginning of my chain and it's pretty much
by all that it encompasses my chain
with all my friends who help me
overall all my friends miss me or
rabies to close video because it pays
not my friends were enough to encourage me
every day doing what I have to do
and you too the subscribers who
will surely come back this video
encourage me enormously thank you
a maximum of what I do in my
heart I thank a lot because
without you I would not be there without
all those who love you video I would be
not here who I am soon there will be
a lot of videos i hope you
will please is globally okay
stop here so in any case I hope
that this little presentation will have you
never again is it again
croteam I tell you very soon on
my youtube channel ciao friends